Dad, what are you trying to say?
What else do I want to say?
I ask you about the dismantling of the Dongxing group
Did you get involved?
So what?
Jiang Tianshu played me like a monkey
This is what happened to him.
You are a blind thing
Can you consider the consequences of doing things?
Did you know that this will be
I'm a vegetarian.
The Dongxing Consortium was originally a mass of loose sand
I just lit a fire for them
再说了
姜天树已经死了我们有什么好怕的
You fart
That general is in the provincial capital, that is also a plot
You know?
What if he comes looking for so much trouble?
What's more, you also injured Jiang Xue
He is Master Wan's woman
Dad, don't tell me about that affair
If he hadn't had a good father
He is the lowest trash in society
Hahahaha
Do you still have the face to tell people?
Without you, I would be here
Do you think you are now?
Can you be so carefree?
Dad, what are you in a hurry?
Jiang Tianshu is dead
Jiang Xue is also a vegetable
Wan
That kid won't know we did it
Hey
What happened to him in a vegetative state?
What if they all wake up that day?
We're in trouble
So dad
I have a good idea once and for all
Jiang Xue, that girl doesn't know what to do
Let's give him
OK
Send this.
But it has to be absolutely confidential.
Do you remember?
Dad, I work
Don't worry.